---
title: ZTM AI Agents Bootcamp
date: "2026-01-07T15:30:00.000Z"
description: "I decided to follow along with the ZTM agents bootcamp but immediately found some snags."
---
I recently started the AI Agents Bootcamp by ZTM as found at https://zerotomastery.io/courses/ai-agents-bootcamp/ but immediately hit a snag when trying to follow the instructions for creating a job agent. This project involves creating an interviewer agent and a job coach agent, and instructing them to work such that the interviewer asks a question and collects your answer, then feeds it to the job coach agent which provides feedback on your answer. The first snag I hit was that the class instructs you to run them as one AI Crew, but enter the result of the interviewer agent's question (your answer) as input into the job coach agent. I was unable to do this since the result doesn't exist when you kick off the crew. I created two crews - one for the interviewer agent, from which I got a result, then fed that into the second crew which consisted only of the job coach agent.

The second problem however was that, according to ChatGPT anyway, Jupyter Notebooks are not made to accept input from stdin. Therefore, there was no way to input my answer to the interviewer's question! The options were to hard code the answer (defeating the purpose) or use IPyWidgets package to create a textbox. Alternatively I could use Streamlit or a console application rather than creating the job agent in a Jupyter Notebook. I was able to create the textbox using IPyWidgets but I'm leery to see what else doesn't work by following the course. As always, it's important to look up documentation and allow for updates for video courses. A little experimentation and problem-solving skills are a good thing. 